The door opened up creakingly. Two shadowy figures accompanying a boy into the large room. There were three mysterious figures sitting on their own thrones who seems to be the ones in charge of this weird place. Suddenly, one of them speaks.

    "Damon Marcellus, You are guilty"

The boy was scared and followed up with a confused face.

    "What!? I did nothing wrong! I'm innocent!"

The boy had flashbacks about the time before he got accused guilty.

    "Damon! I fucking told you to clean the attic. Better do it right now before your bed sleeps with the flames!"

Damon panicked and quickly ran upstairs.

    "Alright Alright! I'll do it. Just don't burn my comfy bed please"

Damon opened the dusty attic door that comes with a ladder. Using the feather duster, he cleaned up the place lazily and stacked the boxes. Something caught in his eye as he moved the boxes. He pulled out something from a box. It was wrapped in tattered cloth. For some reason it took him awhile to tear it off. Finally, it was uncovered. An old pocket watch with a weird design.

    "Sheesh, why did I even want to check it in the first place. What a junk"

Filled with boredom, he swung the pocket watch like a yo-yo. Back and forth. Suddenly, he heard his sister from downstairs.

    "Damon! I fucking told you to clean the attic. Better do it right now before your bed sleeps with the flames!"
    "Wait what? I'm sure she heard me before and I'm doing it right now"

He felt weird. As he tried to check downstairs he saw himself panicking and passed through him.

    "Huh. I probably knocked myself with the pocket watch. What a weird dream I'm having"
The dream piques his interest and he followed himself going to the attic. He felt really weird about his dream and everything was the exact same thing happened.

    "Wew, I must be this bored if I get today's activities as my dream"

He noticed he was still holding the pocket watch.

    "Good thing I still have this to kill some time till I wake up"

He swung the pocket watch frontwards. As he swung it, everything looks faster.

    "Wait a fucking minute. This isn't some bizarre dream I'm having isn't it"
    "How the fuck do I go back? I can't even touch myself or anything"

He started to look closely at the pocket watch. There were some symbols on the knob that he could not comprehend.

    "Where did my father even get this watch. There's no way this is from the Greek civilization because the symbols aren't similar at all"

He tried to push the knob and cracking noise were heard. Suddenly, everything around him was in cracks. Shattered into pieces, he looked at his phone to check the time.

    "11:29AM. Looks like I'm back to the current time. This is truly an unusual pocket watch my father had"

With a sinister smile on his face, he quickly calls his best friend, Altair Stella.

    "Bro meet me up at the usual place"


Altair Stella. Such a girlish name yet he doesn't think it was girlish as his parents told him it's just a cute boy name. I felt like his parents actually wanted a daughter instead of a son. What a messed up thing but that's just how life is"

These thoughts were coming up to my mind while I was walking to the usual place which was in an abandoned warehouse. Although the building was supposed to be demolished years ago. But there was certain reasons that made the demolition got called off. There was something unexplainable that's like protecting the building but I have a feeling that the pocket watch have some relation to it.

As Damon and Altair meets up at the abandoned warehouse.

    "Bro, I got a new fancy watch"
    "Damon please that's lame"
    "You sure?"


Damon swung his pocket watch backwards and turned back time and said the same thing but he knows what Altair would say after that.

    "Bro, I got a new fancy watch and your next line will be---- 'Damon please that's lame'"
    "Damon please th-"


Altair stopped before he could finish his sentence. He was shocked that Damon knew what he was going to say. With a puzzled face, he asked.

    "How did you know that I was going to say that?"
    "Hehe~ The truth is I can see the future"
    "Pffft, that's impossible you can't do that"


With sheer confident, he pulls out a smug on his face.

    "I can repeat everything you're going to say next"


Damon repeats the same thing he did to Altair a while ago for few more times.

    "Unbelievable but how!?"
    "This pocket watch is the key to the stuff I did. It lets me to turn back time by swinging it backwards. I found this at my house in the attic while cleaning up the place but I don't even know if I can even show you how it happens"
    "What if I hold your hand or anywhere on your body while you swing it"
    "Uhh let's try then".


Altair holds his hand while Damon swings the pocket watch backwards.

Turns out it actually worked. Time did gone backwards for both of them. Altair was amazed by this phenomenon.

    "But doesn't this mess up the flow of the time?"
    "I don't know but what the fuck do I care I can do this everyday"
    "I don't know man this can really mess up something up like random unexplainable beings come up to you and rape your ass for messing up the flow of time"
    "Nah... don't sweat it. It's fine"
    "So how do we get to the present time?"
    "Simple"
Damon pushes the knob and the surroundings starts to crack.

    "Is this normal?"
    "Yeah I was surprised too when I accidentally pushed the knob"
    "Don't you need to go somewhere after this Altair?"

By the time they gone back to the present, Altair's phone rang.

    "Oh I need to go see ya tomorrow at school"
    "See ya"

Damon scratches his head with a disgusted face. "Shit I forgot I have school tomorrow"

While walking back home, Damon was thinking what would happen if he meet his own self and not just another event recollection like he accidentally did at the attic.

    "Maybe I'll try to do it tonight"

Right when Damon stepped into his house, he immediately swung his pocket watch backwards to the time where Damon was only 6 years old. Managed to go back in time by sheer beginner's luck, he felt tired and his body was in pain.

    "Ugh, this... is bad. I was expecting side effects but not like this"

Damon crawled his way to the kitchen and somehow meet up with his younger self. His younger self got frightened by the unfamiliar face of his older self.

    "A-Are you okay mister?"
    "No you bloody idiot, does this look like I'm okay? Get the painkillers and help me get up"
    "M-my bad mister"

His younger self gives his left hand and right when Damon is about to hold his hand.

    "JOKES ON YOU!"
    "Why would I need to help you?" "I bet you're just a burglar trying to rob my house"
    "Ugh I forgot how scummy I was!"

Damon sighs and quickly hold his younger self before he could run. He suddenly felt a huge shockwave when he touched his younger self and holes were opening everywhere.

    "What th-"

Before he could finish his sentence, he somehow winded up inside the classroom on his seat. Nonetheless, he was confused.

    "I thought I was in the past and there was some weird shit going on after I held my younger self's hand. How the hell did I get here?"

Confused by his situation,he looked around but nothing seemed suspicious except the fact that everything was in fractures which were not affecting him. Near him was Altair who was sitting on a desk next to him.The fractures were increasing as Damon was checking the stuff around him.The fractures were now everywhere and the space around him was shattered and a shadowy figure came out from the trapped space. Damon was completely speechless as he was tranced by it's beauty. The shadowy figure glanced at him for a second then later it jumps into a new created hole to who knows where. By the time Damon came back to his consciousness, he realized the beautiful shadowy figure was nowhere to be found.

    "Alright. Back to the real question, What the fuck is going on here?"

He asks that while scratching his head. Damon finds himself roaming around the shattered space to find answers to this bizarre phenomenon.
